---
title: Terms of use
description: NFID Terms of use
---

IMPORTANT NOTICE: THIS AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION
RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN SECTION 13. PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.

## 1. Acceptance of Terms

Internet Identity Labs, Inc. (“Identity Labs”) provides a platform for managing cryptographic token
(cryptocurrency) accounts, and allowing decentralized application (DApp) websites and applications
to interact with blockchains, while keeping the user in control over what transactions they approve,
through our web application located at https://nfid.one (the “Site”) – which includes text, images,
audio, code and other materials (collectively, the “Content”) and all of the features, and services
provided. The Site, and any other features, tools, materials, or other services offered from time to
time by Identity Labs are referred to here as the “Service”. Please read these Terms and Conditions
(the “Terms” or “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the Service. By using or otherwise accessing
the Services, or clicking to accept or agree to these Terms where that option is made available, you
(1) accept and agree to these Terms (2) consent to the collection, use, disclosure and other
handling of information as described in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy and (3) any additional
terms, rules and conditions of participation issued by Identity Labs from time to time. If you do
not agree to the Terms, then you may not access or use the Content of Services.

## 2. Modification of Terms of Use

‌Except for Section 14, providing for binding arbitration and waiver of class action rights,
Identity Labs reserves the right, as its sole discretion, to modify or replace the Terms and
Conditions at any time. The most current version of these Terms will be posted on our Site. You
shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. User of the
Services by you after any modification to the Terms constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of
Conditions as modified.

## 3. Eligibility

You hereby represent and warrant that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms,
conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in these Terms and
to abide by and comply with these Terms.

Identity Labs is a global platform and by accessing the Content or Services, you are representing
and warranting that, you are of the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction as is required to
access such Services and Content and enter into arrangements as provided by the Service, You further
represent that you are otherwise legally permitted to use the service in your jurisdiction including
owning cryptographic tokens of value, and interacting with the Services or Content in any way. You
further represent you are responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction and
acknowledge that Identity Labs is not liable for your compliance with such laws.‌

## 4. Account Security

‌When setting up an account with Identity Labs, you will be responsible for keeping your own account
secrets, which may be your Social Login or OAuth password credentials, an account file, or other
locally stored secret information. You agree to keep your secret information and password
confidential and do not share them with anyone else; immediately notify Identity Labs of any
unauthorized use of your account or breach of security. Identity Labs cannot and will not be liable
for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.

## 5. Representations, Warranties, and Risks

### 5.1 Warranty Disclaimer

‌You expressly understand and agree that your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service
(including the Service and the Content) are provided on an “AS IS” and “as available” basis, without
warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties
of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. You acknowledge that
Identity Labs has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access
to or use the Service that affects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the
Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release
Identity Labs from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the
Service. Identity Labs makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed
through the Service, and Identity Labs will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright
compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Service.

### 5.2 Sophistication and Risk of Cryptographic Systems

‌By utilizing the Service or interacting with the Content or platform in any way, you represent that
you understand the inherent risks associated with cryptographic systems and warrant that you have an
understanding of the usage and intricacies of native cryptographic tokens, like Ether (ETH) and
Bitcoin (BTC), smart contract based tokens such as those that follow the Ethereum Token Standard
(https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20), and blockchain-based software systems.

### 5.3 Risk of Regulatory Actions in One or More Jurisdictions

Identity Labs could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or regulatory action, which
could impede or limit the ability of Identity Labs to continue or develop, or which could impede or
limit your ability to access or use the Service.

### 5.4 Risk of Weaknesses or Exploits in the Field of Cryptography

You acknowledge and understand that Cryptography is a progressing field. Advances in code cracking
or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers may present risks to
cryptocurrencies and Services of Content, which could result in the theft or loss of your
cryptographic tokens or property. To the extent possible, Identity Labs intends to update the
protocol underlying Services to account for any advances in cryptography and to incorporate
additional security measures, but does not guarantee or otherwise represent full security of the
system. By using the Service or accessing Content, you acknowledge these inherent risks.

### 5.5 Volatility of Crypto Currencies

You understand that Ethereum and other blockchain technologies and associated currencies or tokens
are highly volatile due to many factors including but not limited to adoption, speculation,
technology and security risks. You also acknowledge that the cost of transacting on such
technologies is variable and may increase at any time causing impact to any activities taking place
on the Ethereum blockchain. You acknowledge these risks and represent that Identity Labs cannot be
held liable for such fluctuations or increased costs.

### 5.6 Application security

You acknowledge that decentralized applications are code subject to flaws and acknowledge that you
are solely responsible for evaluating any code provided by the Services or Content and the
trustworthiness of any third-party websites, products, smart-contracts, or Content you access or use
through the Service. You further expressly acknowledge and represent that blockchain applications
can be written maliciously or negligently, that Identity Labs cannot be held liable for your
interaction with such applications and that such applications may cause the loss of property or even
identity. This warning and others later provided by Identity Labs in no way evidence or represent an
on-going duty to alert you to all of the potential risks of utilizing the Service or Content.

## 6. Indemnity

You agree to release and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Identity Labs and its parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates and agencies, as well as the officers, directors, employees, shareholders
and representatives of any of the foregoing entities, from and against any and all losses,
liabilities, expenses, damages, costs (including attorney’s fees and court costs) claims or actions
of any kind whatsoever arising or resulting from your use of the Service, your violation of these
Terms and Conditions, and any of your acts or omissions that implicate publicity rights, defamation
or invasion of privacy. Identity Labs reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume exclusive
defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such case, you
agree to cooperate with Identity Labs in the defense of such matter.

## 7. Limitation on Liability

You ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY INFORMATION YOU SEND OR RECEIVE DURING YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND
SERVICE MAY NOT BE SECURE AND MAY BE INTERCEPTED OR LATER ACQUIRED BY UNAUTHORIZED PARTIES. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. RECOGNIZING SUCH,
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER IDENTITY
LABS NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE LOSSES
OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER THEORY (EVEN IF IDENTITY
LABS HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THE SITE OR SERVICE; THE
USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICE; UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR
TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SITE OR SERVICE; ANY ACTIONS
WE TAKE OR FAIL TO TAKE AS A RESULT OF COMMUNICATIONS YOU SEND TO US; HUMAN ERRORS; TECHNICAL
MALFUNCTIONS; FAILURES, INCLUDING PUBLIC UTILITY OR TELEPHONE OUTAGES; OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS,
LATENCY, DELETIONS OR DEFECTS OF ANY DEVICE OR NETWORK, PROVIDERS, OR SOFTWARE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THOSE THAT DO NOT PERMIT PARTICIPATION IN THE SERVICE); ANY INJURY OR DAMAGE TO COMPUTER
EQUIPMENT; INABILITY TO FULLY ACCESS THE SITE OR SERVICE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE; THEFT, TAMPERING,
DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, IMAGES OR OTHER CONTENT OF ANY KIND; DATA THAT IS PROCESSED
LATE OR INCORRECTLY OR IS INCOMPLETE OR LOST; TYPOGRAPHICAL, PRINTING OR OTHER ERRORS, OR ANY
COMBINATION THEREOF; OR ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITE OR SERVICE.

You JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION
OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY
NOT APPLY TO YOU.

## 8. Our Proprietary Rights

All title, ownership and intellectual property rights in and to the Service are owned by Identity
Labs or its licensors. You acknowledge and agree that the Service contains proprietary and
confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws.
Except as expressly authorized by Identity Labs, you agree not to copy, modify, rent, lease, loan,
sell, distribute, perform, display or create derivative works based on the Service, in whole or in
part.

## 9. Links

The Service provides, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web or accessible
sites, applications or resources. Because Identity Labs has no control over such sites, applications
and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Identity Labs is not responsible for the availability
of such external sites, applications or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or
liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or
resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Identity Labs shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection
with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site
or resource.

## 10. Termination and Suspension

Identity Labs may terminate or suspend all or part of the Service and your Identity Labs access
immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of the
Terms. Upon termination of your access, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.

The following provisions of the Terms survive any termination of these Terms: INDEMNITY; WARRANTY
DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY; OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; LINKS; TERMINATION; NO THIRD PARTY
BENEFICIARIES; BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER; GENERAL INFORMATION.

## 11. No Third Party Beneficiaries

You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, there shall be no third
party beneficiaries to the Terms.

## 12. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement

If you believe that your copyright or the copyright of a person on whose behalf you are authorized
to act has been infringed, please provide Identity Labs a written Notice containing the following
information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the
owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted
work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the
material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service; your address, telephone number, and
email address;‌ a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of
perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or
intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's
behalf. Identity Labs can be reached via email at: hello@identitylabs.ooo

## 13. Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY - IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR
RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT

### 13.1 Initial Dispute Resolution

The parties shall use their best efforts to engage directly to settle any dispute, claim, question,
or disagreement and engage in good faith negotiations which shall be a condition to either party
initiating a lawsuit or arbitration.

### 13.2 Binding Arbitration

If the parties do not reach an agreed upon solution within a period of 30 days from the time
informal dispute resolution under the Initial Dispute Resolution provision begins, then either party
may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to resolve claims, subject to the terms set forth
below. Specifically, all claims arising out of or relating to these Terms (including their
formation, performance and breach), the parties’ relationship with each other and/or your use of the
Service shall be finally settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this Agreement. There is
no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an
arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including
injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of this Agreement
as a court would. The arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the expedited procedures set
forth in the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “Rules”) as those Rules exist
on the effective date of this Agreement, including Rules 16.1 and 16.2 of those Rules. The
arbitrator's decision shall be final, binding, and non-appealable. Judgment upon the award may be
entered and enforced in any court having jurisdiction. Neither party shall sue the other party other
than as provided herein or for enforcement of this clause or of the arbitrator's award; any such
suit may be brought only in a Federal District Court or a New York state court located in New York
County, New York. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court, shall have exclusive
authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, unconscionability,
arbitrability, enforceability, or formation of this Agreement including any claim that all or any
part of the Agreement is void or voidable. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than
in arbitration we and you waive any right to a jury trial. Notwithstanding the foregoing we and you
both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of
intellectual property rights.

### 13.3 Class Action Waiver

The parties further agree that any arbitration shall be conducted in their individual capacities
only and not as a class action or other representative action, and the parties expressly waive their
right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis. YOU AND IDENTITY LABS AGREE THAT EACH
MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF
OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. If any court or arbitrator
determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any
reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provision set forth
above shall be deemed null and void in its entirety and the parties shall be deemed to have not
agreed to arbitrate disputes.

### 13.4 Exception - Litigation of Intellectual Property and Small Claims Court Claims

Notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may
bring an action in state or federal court to protect its intellectual property rights (“intellectual
property rights” means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets, but not
privacy or publicity rights). Either party may also seek relief in a small claims court for disputes
or claims within the scope of that court's jurisdiction.

### 13.5 30-Day Right to Opt Out

You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions
set forth above by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out via email at
hello@identitylabs.one. The notice must be sent within 30 days of January 2, 2022 or your first use
of the Service, whichever is later, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance
with the terms of those paragraphs. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, Identity Labs
also will not be bound by them.

### 13.6 Changes to this Section

Identity Labs will provide 30-days' notice of any changes to this section. Changes will become
effective on the 30th day, and will apply prospectively only to any claims arising after the 30th
day.

For any dispute not subject to arbitration you and Identity Labs agree to submit to the personal and
exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the courts located in New York. You further agree to accept
service of process by mail, and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise
available.

The Terms and the relationship between you and Identity Labs shall be governed by the laws of New
York without regard to conflict of law provisions.

## 14. General Information

### 14.1 Entire Agreement

These Terms (and any additional terms, rules and conditions of participation that Identity Labs may
post on the Service) constitute the entire agreement between you and Identity Labs with respect to
the Service and supersedes any prior agreements, oral or written, between you and Identity Labs. In
the event of a conflict between these Terms and the additional terms, rules and conditions of
participation, the latter will prevail over the Terms to the extent of the conflict.

### 14.2 Waiver and Severability of Terms

The failure of Identity Labs to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by an
arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the
arbitrator or court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the
provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.

### 14.3 Statute of Limitations

You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action
arising out of or related to the use of the Service or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year
after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

### 14.4 Section Titles

The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.

### 14.5 Communications

Users with questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Service may contact us using the
relevant contact information set forth above.
